typo correction (#8286)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/intune-admin-roles-in-the-mac.md

|Admin role     |Who should be assigned this role?  |
|---------|---------|

> |Application manager     |   Assign the Application manager role to users who manage the application lifecycle for mobile apps, configures policy-managed apps and views device info and configuration profiles.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Application manager     |   Assign the Application manager role to users who manage the application lifecycle for mobile apps, configure policy-managed apps, and view device info and configuration profiles.  |
```

|Help desk operator     |   Assign the help desk operator role to users who assign apps and policies to users and devices. |

> |Intune role administrator    |   Assign the Intune role administrator to users who can assign Intune permissions to other admins and can manage custom and built in Intune roles.   |
> |Policy and profile manager     |   Assign the policy and profile manager role to users manage compliance policy, configuration profiles and Apple enrollment.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Intune role administrator    |   Assign the Intune administrator role to users who assign Intune permissions to other admins and manage custom and built-in Intune roles.   |
|Policy and profile manager     |   Assign the policy and profile manager role to users who manage compliance policy, configuration profiles, and Apple enrollment.   |
```
